- Previously on "Million
Dollar Listing LA"...
- This is one of
the best houses.
- Like jaw to the floor.
- I could wake up to
this every morning.
[chuckles]
- Yeah.
- So how long has it
been on the market?
- Four weeks. We were
pretty much thinking
that we'd get our money back
within 30 days of this
being on the market.
- I got it. All right?
You're in good hands. Trust me.
♪ ♪
[upbeat music]
- Did you remodel this?
Because it looks
like it was just done.
- 100% Every inch is new.
- Ooh, I love a closet.
It's a big piece of
who I am. [chuckles]
I think you can go
to about 6,250,000.
- This number should
have a seven in front.
- You're pricing yourself
completely out of the market.
- I'm going to interview
a few more agents
and get back to you.
- Uh...
- Holy sh--, man.
This looks ridiculous.
- We're kind of sort of moved
in, but if the number's right,
I'll sell the house.
- Have you guys seen
a lot of properties?
I know you mentioned
that you were looking
in Beverly Hills, Bel Air.
- Full disclosure, they
came from San Francisco
on their plane to see this only.
Yes! [laughing]
- 14?
- 14.
- They came to 14?
- Okay, I gotta
go. Love you, boys.
- Fredrik, one thing.
Just keep it confidential.
- Yes.
- Hugely important.
- Why? So he doesn't
change his mind?
- Aren't you doing something
with Fredrik right now
on Corsica?
- Are you ----ing kidding me?
You don't know how to shut
your mouth in a ----ing deal.
No. Tough sh--.
- I'm sorry.
- Tough sh--.
So that's how you do
business in this town?
We'll see how long that lasts.
♪ ♪
[upbeat music]
You don't know how to shut
your mouth in a ----ing deal.
- James. James.
- No.
Tough sh--.
- I'm sorry.
- Tough sh--. So that's
how you do business
in this town. We'll
see how long that lasts.
Dave and I closed
our deal on Corsica.
Signed, sealed, and delivered.
Everybody was happy
until Fred Magee,
my client calls, to let me
know that Fredrik is out there
telling everybody about it.
- I'm finding out
from other people,
my house is being sold
and that Fredrik is selling it.
- Please accept mine
and David's apology.
This is completely
out of our con--
- I am livid with Fredrik
because confidentiality is key
and now he's jeopardized
our relationship with the client.
I come to your house that
you're hosting and hear
that you're now walking around
Douglas Elliman telling agents
about something that you knew
we said to you
"keep" confidential,"
but Fredrik, new in
LA, $14 million deal,
thinks he's gonna go
around screaming about it
from the top of his voice
to try and get other listings.
You're never getting a deal
from us again, and that's--
- Wait, wait,
wait. Let's just...
- No. No "wait, wait, wait."
That's just the reality.
- Okay, but can I talk?
This is my house.
- Sure.
- You're standing
in my property.
- I am aware.
- So let me speak.
- Carry away.
Speak all you want.
- First of all, I take
confidentiality very important.
I've talked to a lot more big
celebrities than you ever have.
- What happened?
- Just bullsh--.
I don't wanna be a part of it.
- I talked to three
people, in all fairness.
- Did you get signed a
confidentiality agreement?
- Hold on, Josh. Come on.
- Is this an adult?
Do we need to sign a
confidentiality agreement?
- I'm just saying!
But we've all been in
this game a long time.
It's like, we all know paperwork
is the only thing that matters.
- Okay, but wait, wait, wait.
- I disagree.
I actually disagree.
Bottom line, we have a client
right now that is livid with us.
That's the truth of the matter.
- That would piss me off too.
- Thank you.
- Totally understand.
- How are you doing, baby?
- The seller is so livid that
he got his price of 14 million,
not $1 off his price.
- Money's not always
the--the solution, Fredrik.
- [sighs]
- Is anyone on
Fredrik's side in this?
- Believe it or not,
Josh Altman is,
so he's got backup.
- It's not a gang bang.
- Look at the end of the
day, the deal got done, right?
- Thank you. How about
apologize, we move on
and say, "You know what?"
- I just told you sorry.
- I didn't hear that.
[dramatic music]
- I-I'm sorry.
- Thank you for apologizing.
- Does anybody have
anything else to say now?
Just bring it up.
- I do. Welcome to LA
and thank you for having us.
- Here you go. Full ask!
- Yeah, exactly.
- I do.
- Go on, Flagg.
Josh, you're having too
much fun here, aren't you?
- I just think it's funny you
made out with my husband.
- Wait, what?
- What? When?
- Nobody else thinks
that's really funny?
- When? What year?
[indistinct chatter]
- Who made out
with your husband?
- In Mykonos.
It was before me, it's okay.
- Oh, right.
- Bobby,
apparently you and I
made out 15 years ago.
- Wow.
[laughter]
- That's what he's saying.
- Wait, what?
- Do you remember?
- Why are you sweating, bro?
You're turning red--you're
turning a little red. [laughs]
- Cash, come here!
[laughter]
- Sometimes when there's
a little bit too much tension,
you just gotta twist it around,
bring it a right back
over to yourself.
It's okay, I'll take Derek.
You guys go have fun.
Bobby had just reminded
me of some great gossip
right before this party started.
- Do you remember when
we first started dating?
You were all very
inquisitive about
have I ever dated anybody
that you knew, or slept
with anybody you knew?
- N--is this a trick question?
- The person I told you I
made out with was Fredrik.
- Oh, I'm so happy
you just told me that.
- Anybody want some more?
- Sure. Thanks, darling.
- How are you doing?
- That was a
little weird earlier.
I just try everything to fit in
and it's not working
well and you know...
- Listen, you just got here.
You have a huge personality.
You're obviously...
- I'm pretty tall and handsome.
I mean, it's hard to like--
- [chuckles]
- It's just that, like, I
feel sometimes like
mean girls in this town.
You're cliquey.
- I am not cliquey.
Listen, just do yourself a favor
and take it easy 'cause I hear
around town when you're
going on listing appointments
that you're, you
know, pricing things
and giving recommendations
that are like...
- Yes.
- $1,000 per square foot
when the house is
supposed to be at $700.
- I like to set records.
What's the problem?
- But you don't know the
market well enough to do that.
So it's--
- Now you're gonna school me too
that I don't know
what I'm doing.
- Well, you don't know
what you're doing in LA yet.
You can't just shoot
prices out of your ass.
- I do deals left and right.
- Slow your roll.
♪ ♪
- Flagg, do you have
the picture of my wife
falling off of the pole?
- Mine?
- Here, what day
was that, Flagg?
- What are you guys up to
when you hung out with Josh?
- What happened?
Can we come over too?
- So what happened was,
we're all dancing, having fun.
- I was dancing for you.
- Oh, right.
Right, right, right.
- And they were all
over at the cabana area.
- True.
- Oh, here. I found it.
I'm gonna try to make
this as loud as possible.
- Who is that? Who is that?
- Heather!
Who is that going low?
- Oh, no!
[screaming]
- Are you serious?
- What the (BLEEP)?
That is amazing!
- Oh, no!
- Sweetheart, you
100% have to post that.
- We gotta watch it again.
- That was so good.
- This video, it is epic.
This is some sh-- you see on--
[screaming]
[laughter]
- Post it! Post it! Post it.
- Oh, my god. That is amazing.
- I could watch that all day.
[laughs]
- Can I see you?
- What's up, brother?
I wanna ask you because
I value your opinion.
I ----ed, did I?
- The thing is,
is that, you know,
5% of us do 95% of the deals.
So like, you gotta be careful.
Once you burn that bridge,
it's done, and then
you're screwed.
So it's like you just gotta
be aware of that stuff.
- Maybe I should just be
more like you, like careless.
Grow bigger
balls. No, seriously.
- I'm just saying...
- You guys look super gay.
- We are super gay.
Is there anything
wrong with gay?
We're talking
like-- hi, baby boy.
Oh, my god, I love you so.
- Making me uncomfortable.
♪ ♪
- Coming up...
- This is beautiful.
- You wanna go upstairs?
- Yeah.
- I can only walk up like this.
I have a broken knee.
- You broke your knee?
- Too much dancing at Studio 54.
- ♪ We get high on life ♪
♪ Run this big city ♪
- You want chocolate milk?
- Do you know
what she said to me?
She said, "What do you get
when you drink chocolate milk?"
- A mustache.
[laughter]
Every time I come home,
you got a food mustache.
- ♪ Luxurious ♪
♪ ♪
- Guys, I love you.
Daddy's gotta go work now.
- Bye.
- Okay, come on,
let's go to the park, guys.
- Are you guys
gonna go to the park?
- Yeah.
- Babe, do you think
I can dress like
this? It's LA, right?
Love you, guys.
- You can't dress badly in LA.
- Okay, I gotta go.
- ♪ Living life luxurious ♪
♪ ♪
- Are you doing the
macaroons again?
- Yes, ma'am.
- Are you putting tea in there?
- That's how I do it.
- I thought it was, like,
I don't know, faux tea.
- Faux tea?
- [laughs]
- ♪ Living life luxurious ♪
♪ Luxurious ♪
♪ Luxurious, luxurious ♪
- Nikki.
- Good morning.
Hey, how are you?
I'm so glad to see you.
Thank you so much
for coming over.
- How are you? Look
how cute you look.
- Thank you, darling.
It's a pleasure to see you.
- Are you LA or
New York this week?
- Well, I'm here in LA.
- Well, I didn't know.
You might have just hopped
on the red eye to come say hi.
- I did. I came right in
just to show you the house.
- You're adorable.
This is beautiful.
I have known Nikki
for a few years.
We met originally at a Project
Angel Food charity event.
I came to the event with
Charo and Cheryl Tiegs
because I just don't
have friends my own age.
- My friends have owned this
house for about 14 years now.
- Right, I remember
when they bought it.
- And they asked me who I
thought should sell the house
and, of course, I
said Josh Flagg.
- I like that.
- Come on in.
- All right. Let's do this.
- I'll show you the whole thing.
[jazzy music]
- You know, I've never
been inside this house.
I've always been
interested in it.
I'm assuming this house
was built in, like, probably--
- 1928.
Which is good because
the market crashed in '29
and things that were
under construction,
they just cut costs everywhere.
- Did they really? Yeah.
They didn't cut any
costs with this house.
- No, you can tell.
Wallace Neff was one
of the best architects.
I remember--
- He's very affluent.
He did a lot of homes,
but this is considered
to be one of his very best.
They had a lot of people
that lived here, you know, like
Peter Bogdanovich lived here.
- Right.
♪ ♪
Richard Brooks.
- And Richard Brooks,
who's a very, very
famous director.
- I know!
- From "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof."
Diane Keaton owned this house.
- Exactly.
Orson Welles lived here also.
- But Orson Welles lived here
with Peter Bogdanovich...
- Because he went broke.
- Right.
- Yeah. [laughs]
♪ ♪
Now I know we're in
a Diane Keaton home
because this is her
signature thing, the tile work.
♪ ♪
- Look at the fireplace
and everything.
They--they--they kept the tiles,
which I think are so
gorgeous over here.
Come on in here, I'll
show you the kitchen.
- Nikki, you would have
been a great real estate agent.
- I actually was a realist.
I started off as a
real estate agent.
- I thought you
were a stockbroker.
- Right, then I
was a stockbroker.
- But then you were a fireman.
- Then I had a television show.
Fasten your jet set seatbelts.
It's "The Nikki Haskell
Show" direct from New York.
- Nikki's interviewed
every celebrity in the world,
from singers like Pat Boone
to dictators like Imelda Marcos.
Okay, so we have--
This is very cool.
It's very industrial.
♪ ♪
- Yes, I love this.
- And I like the 1920s
hanging chandeliers.
♪ ♪
Wow, look at this.
You know, this
is like a ballroom.
- This is a gorgeous space.
- This is amazing.
They have this in Santa
Barbara at the Biltmore.
Nobody does
these kinds of thing.
Look at the thickness
of this wall, look.
Most walls today are this thick.
♪ ♪
- There's a bathroom in here.
- I love this.
- Isn't this divine?
- This is just perfect
right out of the 1920s.
- I love it.
So this house has
nine bathrooms.
- Oh, that's all?
♪ ♪
- This is the office over here.
And an art studio in here
and it's got
great light in here.
- Oh, wow.
♪ ♪
- And Peter
Bogdanovich did this.
This was a screening
room at one time.
- Oh, okay, so now--he did that,
now the owner converted
into an art studio.
- Right. And this--
Well, the sta--no, the screen
would be that way, right?
- Right, yes, but I'm saying
that you could sit up here
and then it was all over there.
- Right, right, right.
♪ ♪
- This is a lovely bedroom.
- This is so pretty.
It really looks like the
Biltmore or something--
- It does, it really does.
♪ ♪
You want to go upstairs?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- My fearless leader.
[quirky music]
- I can only walk up like this.
I have a broken knee.
- You broke your knee?
- Well, just about.
- Wha--[laughs]
- Too much dancing at Studio 54.
- Yeah, I believe it.
[disco music]
My feet have been stepped on
by every drag queen in the '80s.
- [laughs]
- This is another guest room.
♪ ♪
And this is the master
suite, which is so divine.
- Oh, this is fabulous.
- Isn't this great?
- Did Diane Keaton do this
or did Bogdanovich or who?
- No, Diane Keaton did this.
- It's great.
♪ ♪
Now this is fabulous.
- I love this.
This looks right
out onto the pool.
- It's just so
perfectly preserved.
It looks like a Wallace Neff,
which these never come up.
Wallace Neff was probably
the most prolific architect
of the 1920s, especially
in the Spanish revival,
which means thick
walls, really heavy plaster,
hand painted details.
Look at this, this is
right out of the 1920s.
- Isn't it?
- You couldn't do this today.
You could, but it would
cost so much money
that no one would ever do it.
[grunts]
- Tell me what you think.
- Well, aside from the obvious,
I mean, it's such
a good location.
You're so close to Sunset.
When people think of, like,
you know, Beverly
Hills and Bel Air,
they think of the
Playboy Mansion,
Aaron Spelling's house.
These are all two
blocks away from here.
- Right. When we
discussed selling this house,
they really sort of came
up with a figure of 20 million
but will the market bear
20 million for this house?
What are the comps in this area?
- Well, look, there's really
nothing like it that sold
recently so it's kind of
hard to do it that way.
When you go by my house
in the Flats, it's like, it's easy.
You multiply the
square footage of the lot
by the price per foot,
you got the lot value.
Bel Air is not like that.
It's not like that in Bel Air.
- Every house is--
- Every house is different.
- You know, everybody
thinks that their house is worth
ten times more than it's worth,
but you have to be realistic.
Do you want to sell it or
do you wanna fool around?
They wanna sell the house.
- Okay, so if they're realistic
sellers and realistic people,
which is what it
sounds like they are...
- They are.
- You list it at around 17 1/2,
it'll sell.
- Well, I think it sounds great.
And I'm gonna speak
to the owners today,
and I'll get back
to you tomorrow,
but I'm sure that
you have a deal.
- All right. Well,
you're the best.
- Thanks, honey.
I'll send you a nice
little closing gift.
- Thank you, darling.
- Well, hopefully
it'll be from...
- Chanel.
- Okay.
[laughter]
- Coming up...
- I went to interview
a few agents,
and one of them gave me
very close to the
price I was asking.
- Was that Fredrik Eklund?
- How did you know?
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- It's sick up here, huh?
- It's amazing, man.
- Should we get into some
song just to kind of get our...
- Mikey, I love when you sing.
You don't get to ask
me to sing, just sing.
- We're gonna start like this.
♪ Who's gonna sell
this house today? ♪
♪ Josh gonna sell
it, Josh gonna sell it ♪
♪ Who's gonna sell
this house today? ♪
♪ John's gonna sell
this house today ♪
♪ Who's gonna sell
this house today? ♪
♪ Josh gonna sell
it, Josh gonna sell it ♪
[car horn honks]
- Oh, (BLEEP)
(BLEEP) All right, be cool.
How are you?
- Hey, how are you?
- All right, doing well. Josh.
- What's going on, Josh?
Jimmy, nice to meet you.
- What's happening Jimmy? Matt.
- What's up, brother?
- Good to see you.
- I wanna bring you
in my van real quick.
- Okay.
- I wanna show you some stuff
before we roll in
to the actual house.
I'm not gonna
kidnap you, I promise.
- So what's the deal?
You showing us two houses today?
- Well, no, I wanna
show you the best house,
but I also want to show you
a little of the hood real quick.
Collingwood is one
of the sickest listings
I've ever had in my career.
I've had the listing
for little over a month
and the investors
who own the property
really put a fire under my ass
to get this thing sold.
We've had about a little less
than ten showings this month.
- Give me a number.
- Eight, exactly.
- Eight?
- Listen, eight good showings
is not bad, it's
not a bad thing.
- Yeah, I just feel that it
should to be doubled up.
- Homes selling over
20 million in this area
doesn't happen very often,
but with the booming market,
the competition is
real and I'm hustling
to get as many people
through the property as possible.
Mikey, head over
towards Blue Jay Way.
- Yes, sir.
- All right, let's roll.
♪ ♪
So are you looking
just in the Bird Streets?
Or are you looking everywhere?
Have you seen a lot of houses?
- I've seen quite a few
houses, but I particularly like
the Bird Streets
because of the views.
- Cool. So what type
of business you're in?
- So we're in the
jewelry business
and you may know us from
the Victoria's Secret Angels.
We actually do
their fantasy bras.
- I know the Victoria's
Secret models very well.
I've heard of them.
- [laughs]
- Just don't tell Heather.
[laughter]
You're looking for a friend?
- Yeah, the only thing I'd
say is it's--it's a bit high at 29.
I know he did want to, you
know, call a ceiling on 20,025,000.
- Okay, I have had a couple
showings where people have
given me a little
pushback on the price,
but what I'm about
to show you right now
is gonna validate exactly
why we priced it at this.
I wanted to drive you around
because the number one concern
is how busy the streets are
and so I want you to see that
before we roll up to Collingwood
where there's never
gonna be houses built.
- My gosh, there's
construction all over.
- Oh, yeah, everywhere.
Everywhere you look.
- Man.
- This is typically what goes on
because there's
a lot of buildup.
♪ ♪
So I want you to
close your eyes, right?
I do this all the time.
Close your eyes and
tell me what you hear.
[vehicles beeping,
loud pounding]
- Jackhammers.
[jackhammer rattling]
Construction workers
- Honking.
- Drills. Honking.
- Yep.
- Oh, it's loud.
- Yeah.
So, Mikey, up here
you're gonna take a right...
- On Rising Glen?
- Yeah. Wait, no, right here.
We're going to the house.
Oh, wait. Hold on--hold on.
After you guys.
So this is pretty typical
of the Bird Streets up here.
You got a construction
site right here.
You got a fixer next door.
- Yeah, there's a lot
of traffic on this street.
- You're not allowed to
park in any of these areas
because of the construction.
- Yeah.
- You got construction
across the street
and then you got
the cars coming by.
- And they're just
going back and forth.
Yeah, I don't like
that. It's too busy.
- All right, so Mikey,
just be careful.
Turn it around here.
- All right, you guys
just bear with me.
It's gonna be a little bumpy.
[quirky music]
We're just gonna do
a little Austin Powers.
[car horn beeps]
(BLEEP)
- Sorry.
- Bro!
(BLEEP)
[tires screech]
[car horn beeps]
Oh, my God.
I love Mikey, but
I'm second-guessing
the whole driving
role for Mikey.
♪ ♪
- (BLEEP)
- Wow, that guy was mad.
He's not good.
♪ ♪
- All right, we're here.
- Perfect. Well, first of all,
close your eyes.
- [chuckles]
I know we've done this exercise
before, what do you hear?
[birds chirping]
- Silence, and it's great.
- Absolutely nothing.
Big difference.
- That's why I wanted
to do this for you.
The beauty of Collingwood
is, it's so low down,
but it's perched up
above everything
so you have a crazy view,
but you don't have to pass
that construction to get to it.
After you.
- Thank you very much.
[upbeat music]
Oh, my gosh, this is amazing.
- Is that the craziest
view you've ever seen?
- Wow. Okay.
- So beautiful.
♪ ♪
- Do you think you
can entertain here, bud?
- I think I can do
a little something.
♪ ♪
- That's unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
♪ ♪
- Let's start upstairs.
- Okay.
♪ ♪
Every room in this house has
that view or the downtown view.
You're not blocked by anything.
- Wow.
- I love it.
- That's pretty cool, huh?
- I love the indoor,
outdoor effect.
What's interesting is,
I don't hear anything.
- It's over the top quiet.
♪ ♪
So you got a crazy gym in here.
- It's beautiful.
- And then check out this spa.
♪ ♪
- This is my language.
This is what I'm talking about.
♪ ♪
Wait, wait, I gotta
feel it. I gotta feel it.
This is living.
- Is this Himalayan salt?
- Yeah, that's
exactly what it is.
[laughing]
Do you like wine?
Are you--you know...
- Big wine connoisseur here.
- I'm a big wine connoisseur.
♪ ♪
- Look at this.
- Oh, wow, poker table.
- Yeah. Every wine display
you see here is chilled.
♪ ♪
And then to end off,
the entertaining floor,
you got this.
- Wow.
♪ ♪
- This is the LG Curve.
So this is a $120,000 TV.
- I don't really
watch TV, but...
- Yeah, you know, either do I.
Any other questions?
- No, Josh, thank you so
much for taking the time.
- Thank you so
much. It's a pleasure.
Nice meeting you.
- It was amazing to see you.
- Very thorough.
- Good to see you again.
- We're gonna go grab
dinner, have a lot to talk about.
- Yeah. All right, cool.
- Stay in touch.
- Can I sleep here for a night?
I mean--
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'll leave the key
under the mat.
- Okay. Just leave it there.
♪ ♪
[upbeat music]
- Hi, Tracy. [chuckles]
- Hi.
How are you?
- I'm good. How are you?
- I'm really good. I'm
so happy to be back.
I candidly wasn't sure if I
was going to come back,
so thank you for having me.
- Oh.
- Yeah, I will tell
you the whole story.
- Okay, good. I
can't wait to hear.
- Yes.
- Okay, great.
- Okay, come on.
- Abington is a stunning,
completely remodeled home
in the heart of Beverly Hills.
Unfortunately, the seller
and I disagreed on price,
but Shelley's invited me back
and that is always a good sign.
So tell me what's
been going on with you
the last couple of weeks.
We haven't seen each other
since our last meeting here.
- So I went to
interview a few agents
and one of them gave me very
close to the price I was asking,
which is 7 million.
His price is 6.75.
However, I'm a little concerned
because this guy
is from New York.
♪ ♪
He's very new to LA
and I feel he may not
be as qualified as you.
You are very
familiar with this area.
You also are very
detail-orientated top agent.
My research showed
that you can get deal done.
That's what I want.
So I want to ask you
if you can list this
house at 6.75 million.
♪ ♪
If you can, you get the job.
- So 6,750,000.
- Yeah.
- I left you and I said
6,250,000 was the right price.
But I'm passionate
about this house.
I like you a lot so I'm
willing to push the envelope
beyond what my comfort zone was.
I feel like if we listed it
6,495,000, to be exact,
that I can get this
job done for you.
If we do list above 6,500,000,
we're losing a pool of buyers
that might have pushed
themselves beyond their cap
of 6,000,000, to maybe 6,300,000
or 6,400,000 or even 6,500,000.
- It is a lot lower
than what I anticipated
and, you know,
given all the expenses,
however, I want
to just move back
to Malibu, get our
family together.
Okay, Tracy,
just get your job done.
Sell the house.
- [shouts] God, you're
a good negotiator
but we got it done.
- Yes, yes.
- So we have a deal?
- Yeah, we have a deal.
- I am so excited
and I'm so honored
that you brought me back
after interviewing
everybody else.
Out of curiosity, the broker
that told you 6,750,000,
was that Fredrik Eklund?
- How did you know?
- Fredrik's a good
friend of mine.
- Oh, my God.
- So obviously, it's
a small world, right?
We all do business together.
- Yeah.
- I mean, how many brokers are
from New York that would come
in to the Beverly
Hills Post Office
and give a house a value
of million dollars
more than it's worth?
Let me guess? Is
it Fredrik Eklund?
So I think we get this on the
market as soon as possible.
- Now get back to work.
- Oh, yeah.
We have some work to do.
♪ ♪
- Coming up...
- Here we have the theater,
this was done
after Diane Keaton.
- What are we watching today?
- Porn.
- Oh.
- Are you into it?
- I-I could be.
- Okay.
[jazzy music]
♪ ♪
[acoustic guitar strums]
- Oh.
- Well, hello.
- I've had this listing of
Copa D'Oro for a few weeks.
It's quite clear to me that a
house with this kind of pedigree
will not sit on the
market for that long,
so I'm focusing on buyers
that have a particular interest
on the historic
aspects of this home.
- Hi, Josh.
- Hi. How are you?
- Donna Reyes.
- Good to see you.
- Nice to see you.
- Come on in.
♪ ♪
The house was built in
the '20s by Wallace Neff.
- I love the wood piece
there and the floor.
- This house is 8,500 square
feet, but it doesn't feel large
because of the
way it's spread out.
It's like a 1920's hacienda.
- What a great kitchen.
- Diane Keaton did
the house in 2005
and then sold it to my clients.
- This tile counter, I love it.
- Yeah.
- Good to see you.
- Hi, I'm Hilary.
Good to see you.
- Thank you.
Linda Cordosa. Nice to meet you.
- Hi, nice to meet you. Welcome.
So I just wanna start with
this fabulous room in here.
♪ ♪
It's really a focal
point of the house.
- Great.
- It has really high
vaulted ceilings.
Straight ahead, we have one
of the beautiful guest rooms.
Orson Welles used to
live here in this room.
- Exciting.
- Exactly.
- This is an art studio.
The owner is a painter.
- Ooh.
I love how it's
overlooking the yard here.
- Isn't that great?
- Do you paint?
- You don't want
me to paint for you.
- Uh-oh.
- The house was built
by Wallace Neff in 1928.
And there's little
Wallace Neff attributes
throughout the house.
The sunlight window is
one of the prime examples,
and as you can see, we're
sitting on almost an acre flat.
- Great.
- Yeah.
- So then, here we
have the theater.
This was done
after Diane Keaton.
And the house was actually
redone by Madeline Stuart,
who's a very famous decorator.
- What are we watching today?
- Whatever you wanna watch.
Porn.
- Okay.
- Okay. Are you into it?
- I-I could be.
- Okay, good.
[laughter]
Probably a different kind
of porn that I like, though.
[laughs]
- So this is the master
suite. We have...
Yeah, the beams.
We have a beautiful balcony.
- No, it's one bath,
and as you can see,
a lot of the rooms have little
balconies so you get, you know,
a little bit of outdoor space
and a lot of light pouring in.
- It really is a great deal.
You get a lot of land and
the location is impeccable.
- The location is insanity.
- Yeah.
- Do you guys have
specific clients for the home?
- I do, yeah.
- Great.
- But it's confidential.
- Okay.
- But I told her I was
previewing it today.
- Perfect.
- Do you have anybody
in particular for this?
- I have a client in France
and they're looking to move
to Beverly Hills,
so I'm definitely
going to send this to them.
- Send this to them.
- Yes.
- Although, it's Bel Air,
but I'm sure that...
- Beverly Hills, Bel Air...
- They're not gonna poopoo this.
Get your clients on
the next flight out here.
- I'm gonna get that, yes.
♪ ♪
[upbeat music]
- Babe?
- Hi.
- Where are you? Are
you painting again?
- I am. Yeah.
Hi.
- Hi, sexy.
Which one are you
painting on now?
- Take your pick.
- I wanna work. I want
to be a painter too.
- How's your day?
- Oh, you know.
[sputters]
- Are you feeling
better after the party?
- No, I feel like
nothing's really changed.
I haven't talked
to the Brits yet.
I don't know why they have
to bring it up at the party.
We did this deal in Palisades.
I happen to mention
to this other person
that I did the deal
and he figured out
which house it was.
And I confirmed,
"Yes, that's the house."
Anyway, the point is, I
don't wanna be known
as that broker here,
that, like, you know,
how they say "kiss and
tell"? Like, sell and tell.
I don't want to be that,
so they're right, in a way.
- Well, they're good
learning lesson.
I mean, you know.
- I know.
If there's one thing
2020 taught us,
at least me, is to
be more humble.
I'm ready to start
nurturing relationships
because in the
brokerage community,
I don't have those yet.
I don't know what I
expected, you know,
like in New York how it works,
if you're a big agent,
I fight sometimes,
you know, with Ryan, and
Steve and, like, other top agents,
and we treat each other, like,
a group of friends, in a way.
- Well, first of all, I think
we've only just arrived
if you think about
it, put it in context.
It's going to take you
ages to have the same kind
of friendships and business
relationships that you had.
It's not gonna happen overnight.
I mean, you are the top
of your game in New York.
And now, you've arrived
here, you're on their turf,
they maybe see you as a threat.
Maybe, Josh feels
like that as well.
- On the party, he was the
only one who, like, took my side,
actually, surprisingly,
which is nice,
but I have really
good intentions
and I'm not here to, like,
tell anyone that I know better.
Why is it not working?
- Because I would--again,
you're on their turf.
Josh Altman isn't gonna,
like, bless you and say,
"Oh, welcome," you know,
like, take away all my business.
That's really what
they see it as.
You know, like, they've
got to make space for you
and it's probably very crowded
for them already.
- I'm very small.
I can fit anywhere.
- Well, you...
- Look at me.
- [laughs]
- I'm so competitive
and I'm so...
[growls]
I'm so impatient.
Like, I just thought I would
step off the shrimp boat
and come to LA and be, like,
number one right
away, and of course,
it's not how it's gonna work.
I gotta go back to work,
but thank you for the advice.
- Yeah.
- I'm gonna have to pay my dues.
I'm realizing that, I'm
gonna really have to,
you know, go back to
basics a little bit more.
Listen, can we
paint a little tonight,
maybe? [chuckles]
You have any canvasses?
- No.
- We can use some body paints.
- [laughs]
- Coming up...
- What questions do
you guys have for me?
- When can we
actually see the house?
- My inclination
would be to go ahead
and write the
offer, sight unseen.
- That's a very big ask.
You know, if my
client spends $6 million
- ♪ Classy and flashy ♪
♪ Money makes me happy ♪
♪ Being number one
at the top, very sassy ♪
- Season 13. The
cameras are ready.
The car rigging is ready.
Let's go, let's go!
- ♪ I get it, you
try it, I did it ♪
♪ First class, I'm in it ♪
♪ You feel it, admit it ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Classy and flashy,
money makes me happy ♪
♪ Being number one
at the top, very sassy ♪
- Yep, that's right.
Yep, that's normal.
♪ Classy and flashy,
money makes me happy ♪
♪ Being number one
at the top, very sassy ♪
♪ I want it, I get it ♪
♪ You tried it, I did it ♪
- Andres, Erika? Anyone here?
No? Okay.
I'm guessing I have to
set up this Zoom by myself.
This should be fun.
My relationship with brokers
over 21 years is a good one.
So when I pick up
the phone and say,
"You gotta see this property,"
they're gonna get in
the car and drive there.
But then I got the
call from Shelley
that she didn't want us
coming into the house.
- I'm literally was
just confirming up
two showings for tomorrow.
- I had to completely start
over, scramble, and figure out
how the hell I was gonna
sell this sight unseen.
Join now.
Ha!
Now where the heck is everybody?
Am I, like, in a room by myself?
[chimes] Oh, there you guys are.
Hi.
- Hey, Tracy.
- How are you?
- Hi.
- Look at us doing virtual.
All together here
in real estate.
The best way to show this house,
being that I can't
bring people in
is to shoot a
virtual tour video.
Obviously, in my ideal
world, I'd walk every single one
of your clients through this,
but my client is incredibly
sensitive to the
situation that we're in.
I've sent out this video
to multiple brokers
for their clients, but by
inviting them to a Zoom call,
it created a sense of urgency.
So welcome to Abington.
Let me show you a video
to walk you through
this beautiful property.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
We have an incredible
house that is $6,495,000.
It is six bedrooms,
seven bathrooms,
4,629 square feet.
Right now, I am standing
in the formal living room.
Look, turn around,
you've got a fireplace.
Vaulted ceilings opens
up to a beautiful courtyard.
♪ ♪
You have a
beautiful dining room,
gorgeous custom
cabinetry with copper pulls.
Everything about this
kitchen makes me, like, swoon.
♪ ♪
Full scale, beautiful
double height ceilings
and also right off the
beautiful outdoor area.
Look at this tennis court.
Look at all of this gorgeous
mature landscaping.
And hear how quiet it is.
[birds chirping]
Let's go into the primary suite
and then in addition to that,
you have a whole
separate walk-in closet
and a super bright bath.
I'll show you that right now.
Beautiful stone choices.
Paneling in both
areas and dual vanities.
♪ ♪
Thank you for going
on this tour with me.
Please reach out to the
Tracy Tutor team for more info.
♪ ♪
Um...
So that's really it.
What questions do
you guys have for me?
- With the square
footage in the bedroom,
I just don't think
that's gonna work
for any of my clients
being so close to the kids.
- It's, yeah, really the
bedrooms are all lined up.
- All right, well,
thanks--thanks so much.
I appreciate it, I
gotta hop off, though.
- Oh, okay.
- Good to see you.
- Okay, thanks Kate.
- Tracy, when did they
remodel the rest of the house?
I know you said the
kitchen was fairly new.
- Well, the whole
house was remodeled.
She originally bought it
about four years ago and--
Oh, my God, [sighs]
I just lost everybody.
Andres! Help!
(BLEEP)
Oh, my God, they're
all gonna be gone.
Oh, this is good--
This is going well.
Okay, camera's start. Nope.
Andres! Andres! Andres!
Are you there?
- Yeah.
- Oh, hi, hurry.
I just was doing
that Zoom thing.
- Okay.
- I just lost all of the agents.
- Yeah, let me take a look.
- God, I hate technology.
I'm gonna text
them and at least,
tell them to please wait for me.
Oh, my God, this is a disaster.
I just miss real open houses
where you open the door
and you say, "I'm gonna
sell this house today."
Oh. Ready to join?
I didn't see that
before. Join now.
- There we go.
- Oh! I'm back!
[no audible dialogue]
- Your mic is still
off, though, Tracy.
- I am so sorry. Thank
you for staying on.
I wanna make sure that I answer,
like, all the questions
you guys have.
- When can we actually
see the--the house?
Like do we have to make
an offe before entering
or how strict are
they with the viewing?
- My inclination would be to
go ahead and write the offer
sight unseen and once
we have an accepted offer
with a proper
contingency in place,
I will make sure
that they are able
to get into the
house at that point.
- That's a very big ask,
you know, if my client spends
$6 million, and they
can't even see it.
- Yeah.
- Before they write the offer.
- I know--I,
believe me, I get it,
but essentially, what
I'm offering you guys
is a contingency plan
after an accepted offer
to potentially walk
away from the deal.
If you guys can't do it, I--
Respectfully, I understand,
but I'm in a position
where my hands are tied.
It's a little absurd that
Shelley expects me
to sell the $6 1/2 million
house sight unseen
because buying a house
is a complete emotional
and sensory experience.
You want to touch,
you want to feel.
So the fact that I have
to show this in Zoom
and have people try
to experience it in Zoom
is maybe one of the hardest
things I've ever had to do.
I am open to any
suggestions or any ideas
that you guys have that
might make your clients
more comfortable,
with the exception
of actually walking into
the property right now.
- Yeah, Tracy, I'm actually
gonna have a meeting
with my clients very soon,
so thank you so much.
- Thanks, Patrick.
- Thank you, Tracy.
- Thank you.
- Thank you so much, Tracy.
I'll let my clients know.
- Oh, thanks, Liz.
Take care, hon.
- I'm gonna hop off here.
- Thank you.
- Anything else, Chris?
Are you--how you feeling?
- I'm glad that the
other agents were able
to finally sign off
because I do have a client
that is actually very serious.
They grew up in Beverly
Hills and they love the street
and the neighborhood.
- Great.
- They're cash buyers.
We can probably
put an offer in soon.
- That would be great. I
will definitely be in touch
and you let me know
if you need anything.
Thanks, Chris.
- Okay.
- All right. Take care.
- Take care.
- Now how do I
sign off from Will?
Will? Who's that?
Looks like some other rando.
See you, Will.
- Coming up...
- Any offer is something
we got to take a serious look.
- I get it but I feel like
this is one of a kind.
So speak to your guy.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Man, it's early.
Whoa, Jay Glazer.
- Oh, man. How are you doing?
- You hit with the big guns.
- You got good news?
- Good news. I got the offer.
How much?
- 23 million.
- 23?
- Yeah.
- No.
Nowhere near. It
needs to come up.
- After my back to back
showings on Collingwood,
the hustle paid off.
- You know, our
Middle Eastern family...
- My buyer is in Saudi Arabia.
At 7:00 a.m. in LA time,
it's 5: p.m. Saudi time,
Sonny.
I got to make this deal
happen by the end of the day
and if that means I got
to do this before I have
my first cup of
coffee, bring it.
Can I get him for a minute?
- Make it good.
- Listen, this is
a starting offer.
You just got to play
the game with them.
Once you pass that
20 million threshold,
it's a lot more
rare to get an offer.
So any offer is something
we got to take seriously.
- Yeah, I get it, but
I feel like the house,
this is one of a kind.
- I get it.
But I don't have
another offer on the table.
- Well, I know I can
come down to 27,500,000
so speak to your guy, and
see how close we can get to that
'cause at the minute,
we'll just keep the house.
♪ ♪
- I get it.
Look, that's a super
respectable counter.
I'm gonna call them.
They just called me
on the way over here.
They wanna know what's
up. I'll get right back to you.
Let me make call.
When it comes down to
the psychology of a deal,
a counteroffer is
almost more important
than the initial offer.
So the fact that these
investors dropped $3 million
in the first counter shows
me that they're ready
to make a deal today.
[line ringing]
- Ramin, how are you?
- Good. How are you?
- Good, good. So I
just had a conversation
with the--with the
seller's representative.
Yeah, I do have
good news, actually.
I got an offer for you
for 27 1/2 million
as far as the counter.
♪ ♪
- Well, yeah, you also
came pretty low, man.
I'm--I'm meeting the
representative right now.
He's boxing, he was
about to knock me out
when I told him $23 million.
- You can't tell me
that anything out there
comparable-wise,
has a view like that.
It's unobstructed,
it's incredible.
It will never be blocked.
There's value to that.
Plus, at the end of the
day, the entertainment level
of this house is what separates
this house from everything else.
♪ ♪
- I'll call you back, okay?
- Okay.
- All right. Cool. Bye.
♪ ♪
So they came back.
We got a counter.
25 million bucks.
They came up 2 million.
- I feel they need to
offer me something more.
♪ ♪
- Look, the last time a
property sold for 25 million
in the Bird Streets was one
last year, not even this year.
It was 25,000,000.
Will you call them?
- Yeah, I'll call them.
♪ ♪
- I get that Sonny and
his investors want to get
every dollar out of this deal
but on the other
side of the coin,
a $25 million offer in the
Bird Streets is a major deal.
Can I get in?
- Let's do it.
Push you off the mat! [laughter]
I got a bad back. I'm a dad.
- Oh, man. You're killing
me. Get it done. Let's go.
- So I spoke to the gang.
They said 25,500,000,
lowest, that's it.
- Okay.
- And if not,
we will take it off the market.
- All right. Let me make a call.
- Yeah.
- [sighs]
[line ringing]
- Hey, here's the deal.
I got you a counter, but it's
the best and final counter,
25 1/2 million, and
that's it, take it or leave it.
- Right. Exactly. We're
only talking about 500k here.
- Dude, I'm just-- I
had the conversation.
They want to get the house
sold so they're, you know...
No, don't-- don't
misinterpret speed
for just being able
to make a decision.
Their representative
just told me
that they're thinking of
taking it off the market.
And no disrespect to them,
but they got to come up 500,000
if they want this house.
Otherwise, they
don't have the house.
- All right. Bye.
All right, we're waiting.
- Okay.
- We're waiting. We're
gonna get it done...
- Good, lace them up.
- But we'll wait.
- Let's go. You can join
us. You got time, right?
- No, I have...
- Come on. We're a family here.
- He's got a bad back--bad back.
[phone dinging]
- No, hold on. Here.
They'll go to 25,500,000.
♪ ♪
Best and final,
take it or leave it.
♪ ♪
- Let's do it. Done.
- Done. Yes.
- Look at the magic here
at Unbreakable, I love it.
- Oh!
- I love it.
- We would have done
25,000,000, but good job.
- Come on.
Biggest sale in the
Bird Streets this year.
- Mazel tov.
♪ ♪
[upbeat music]
- There she is.
- Hi.
- How are you?
- What's happening? Oh, my God.
I literally got out of a
showing and I have, like,
back to back texts,
like, about Abington
and I know we're
launching Pandora.
- Well, speaking of Abington,
we just got an email
from the escrow officer
so escrow's fully opened.
- Unbelievable.
- Yeah.
I don't know how
you pulled that off.
- I mean, it's a miracle I got
on the Zoom, much less like...
- And we got-- and
we got how many?
- Four, full price offers.
- On full price, which is,
like, a price that I didn't think
we were gonna get.
- The virtual tours,
I mean, surprisingly,
were a big success.
We got a multiple.
- This is Brian.
- Yes.
- I do have another
offer already in play.
Once I've had some
time to review the offers,
I'll present them to my client
and then, we will get back to
you guys with a counter, okay?
- The offers came in,
there were four of
them at like 5,800,000,
5,950,000, another
one came in at 6,300,000
and then boom,
out of left field,
I got a full price
offer at 6,495,000.
- Should we just start
doing them all like that?
- I--I--I, apparently.
- Like no in person?
- I haven't done a
virtual showing yet.
- It's weird, I will
tell you that much,
but our client couldn't
be happier so good news.
I know that we're
in inspection still,
but Shelley, our client...
[phone chimes] Mentioned to me
that she took the
furniture out already.
- Already? Oh, okay.
That's a little early.
- Hold on. This is Tracy.
- Oh, Hi, Chris, we were
just talking about you, actually.
Our client took her
furniture to Malibu,
so she's getting settled.
- What? What do you--push out?
What? You're backing out?
- Is there an inspection
that I'm not aware of?
I don't get it. They
seemed so crazy about it.
They just got what? Cold feet?
- Too tall?
- Okay, I hope they
can find a house
where they don't feel too big.
Well, good luck.
The sooner you send
over the cancellation,
then, obviously I can
move on to my backup.
Thank you.
I mean, too ----ing tall?
The ceilings aren't even low.
- I'm 6'4" I've never
felt too tall at that place.
I thought his client was,
like, Shaq or something.
7'3" walking through the
door and hitting his head.
- Oh, my God, now
that the house is empty,
she's moved her stuff out,
then I can show-- I
can show the house.
- Well, we have a backup.
- She's in your phone,
right? I believe she is.
- Yeah, try and see if
she can get there now.
- I hope the backup
people are short.
- Coming up...
- Can we talk business
or am I interrupting your...
- No, I'm thrilled to see you.
Take some pictures with me.
- Okay.
- There we go.
Look at each other, give
me one shot--there you go.
Perfect.
- So we have an offer
on the Copa D'Oro.
- Yes. Good.
[lively music]
♪ ♪
- Make those faces
just how you do selfies.
And smile the same time.
Smile, real big smile
there. Yup, here we go.
And go that way.
- No, I'm perfect just
the way-- I can't turn.
- I hate to interrupt, but...
- It's okay.
- Hi.
Are we going to Vanity
Fair or something?
- Yes, my darling. How are you?
- She's going to the ball.
Do you wanna sit, Nikki?
- Yeah, I'm gonna sit down.
- Going to the ball?
Where are we going?
- She's going to the ball, baby.
- Can we talk business?
- Yes.
- Or am I interrupting your--
- No, I'm thrilled to see you.
- I'd much rather
talk about money.
- Okay, scootch your ass over.
- Okay.
- Okay. There we go.
Are we going to a
debutante ball? Jesus.
- This is my coming out party.
[laughter]
Come take a picture with me.
- That's perfect.
- Kissy faces.
- You can't just call
Nikki and give her an offer
because her
attention span is just--
She'll be thinking
about something else
or she'll be doing
this so that it's like,
it ain't gonna happen. So
you kind of got to just get
in front of her.
- So tell me everything.
Don't leave out a word.
- Okay, so we
have an offer on...
- Yes.
- Copa D' Oro.
- Good. How much did they--
- Okay, well, reminding you
we're at 17,500,000, right?
- Right.
- We have an initial
offer of 15,995.000.
Yeah, I know, right?
- Okay.
- So what I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna call our friend
that has made an offer.
So we've had some
great activity on the house.
Several showings,
but only one offer.
- So my buyers
did love the place.
- I'll need you, obviously, to
communicate with your sellers.
- Should I tell them that it
looks like we have an offer?
- I'd wait. I never like
to get anybody excited.
Let's just see--let me
first talk to our people.
- Take some pictures with me.
- Okay.
- Fadil, come and take
some pictures of us.
- Normal negotiation. Okay.
- All right, here
we go. Come on.
Look at each other,
give me one shot.
There we go.
- I hate to interrupt the Vanity
Fair party, but I'll be back.
- Okay.
- All right.
Look, there's a limited
supply for this kind of home,
which is why this home
is priced the way it is.
And I know I can work
these people up in price
because this is the
kind of house that I sell,
and nobody can
sell the way I do.
[line ringing]
- Oh, Renee, how are
you? It's Josh Flagg.
- No, we most certainly do not.
But you know where we are.
This is an incredible property.
This is an incredible
piece of land.
I mean, someone's gonna
get a great deal on this,
but we're not giving it away.
So I need you to
rewrite your initial offer.
It's not something that
we can counteroffer.
- Yeah, I don't think
that is reasonable
considering where we
are in the market today.
This house is worth every
penny of what we're asking,
and we're in a moment
of time right now,
where the trend is maybe
the Flats in Beverly Hills,
or something different,
but you're gonna pick up
something right here that
is an appreciating asset.
- How about this?
Let them put the
money in and call me
when the house
is worth 25 million?
It's a ridiculous excuse.
- You are so right.
There is not a line
around the block.
But we haven't been on long
enough for that to happen.
But things are selling
that are prime property,
and this is as good as it gets.
- Okay, thank you.
The market's great right now,
but things in this price point
above $10 million are
not getting multiples.
It's not like that.
We're just in a really
healthy, strong market
where things that are
priced right are selling
and they're
selling for full price.
Now, on the flip side,
we don't have anyone else
so I need to make a deal
here with these people.
- We have good news or bad news?
- We have no
news essentially yet.
- Have you had a lot of
people look at the house
or is this just like--
- Here's the problem.
As fabulous as that house
is, you need to find somebody
that really appreciates
that kind of a home,
like, I would buy
a house like that.
But there's not a
lot of people today--
They want these modern white
boxes and someone's gonna get
a great deal, 'cause
everything is cyclical.
Things come back and--and
this will return, this style one day.
Like, Mediterraneans were
really popular in the early 2000s.
Now nobody wants to touch them.
- This will never
really go out of
style. [phone chiming]
It's not that trendy.
- Here's our boy now.
- Oh. Are you hiding from me?
- I'm not hiding from you.
I just need to concentrate.
- Okay.
- And your dressed like
Madame de Pompadour, so I can't.
- Yes.
- Okay.
- Makes it hard to concentrate
when you're looking at me.
- Hi there.
What can I do for you today?
- Okay.
- Well, I-I will
talk to my clients.
I don't know if I get--can
get them to touch anything
with even a 16,000,000
in front, but I mean,
I'll see what I can do, okay?
- Okay, bye-bye.
- What did he say?
- 16,455,000.
- And they--that's it?
- These people are not gonna
go up above that, I can tell.
- I'll text them now.
They're back from Africa.
- Oh, okay. How was the safari?
- So-fari, so good.
- So--that's a good one.
♪ ♪
- Okay, I just sent them a text.
- So now what? We wait?
- We wait.
- How you doing over there?
- I'm doing great.
- You're going to the
supermarket like that?
- This is a good dress to
check the melons on there.
- I want to check
out your melons.
- Yeah, honey. How
do you like my melons?
- I love your melons.
- And they're ripe.
- [laughs] [phone dings]
Ah, here we go.
We got a deal.
- [sighs]
- They're very happy.
[line ringing]
- So 16,455,000, we have a deal.
I mean, as of five minutes ago.
- Yay, let's break
open the champagne.
16,500,000.
- Too bad neither of us are
getting the money. [laughs]
- Next time on "Million
Dollar Listing Los Angeles"...
- You're number one in New York.
- Yes.
- And Josh Altman
is number one in LA.
I want you and Josh to be
on the listing, both of you.
- Okay.
[upbeat music]
- Ah, this room is a good size.
- Oh, I see you
cleaned up for me, Josh.
[music winds down]
- That's a problem.
- Yeah, lots of mirrors.
- But on the phone you
told me it was an acre land.
- Yeah, I lied, I just
needed to get you up here.
- I received a
phone call yesterday
from the agent that
represents the buyers
and he's legitimately telling
me that he's backing out.
♪ ♪
- Tracy, I just cannot
go through this again.